Documentation : load flow and load flow validation (#3045)
powsybl/powsybl-core: docs/README.md

Please keep them up to date with your developments.  
They are published on powsybl.readthedocs.io/ and pull requests are built and previewed automatically.

When modifying the website content, you can easily preview the result on your PC.

> **First option: running commands from a terminal**
> 
> Navigate to the root of the project and run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**First option - in a terminal, navigate to the root of the project and run the following commands:**
```

~~~bash
pip install -r docs/requirements.txt
sphinx-build -a docs ./build-docs
~~~

> **Second option: running commands from your IDE HMI**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Second option - run the following commands directly from your IDE GUI**
```

To build the docs locally, run the following commands:
~~~bash

> pip install -r docs/requirements.txt

Author: I don't know what is the right thing to put here.

> pip install -r requirements.txt

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
pip install -r docs/requirements.txt
```
Leave it as it was!

Author: Why? The README is located in repositiory docs/.

Author: ![image](https://github.com/powsybl/powsybl-core/assets/48123713/490dd012-a758-494c-b88a-8cef8fb220c1)

> sphinx-build -a . ../build-docs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
sphinx-build -a docs ./build-docs
```
Same here

~~~

> Then open `../build-docs/index.html` in your browser.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then open `build-docs/index.html` in your browser.
```
Same here.

I think that the reason you add problems launching your commands locally is that you were in the "wrong" directory (i.e. the `docs` directory instead of being in `powsybl-core`).
Should we explain that better?

Author: The issue is the location of your README.md file for me.

Reviewer 2: The README.md is about the documentation so I think its location makes sense.

Maybe we can add the sentence you can find in the powsybl-open-rao docs/README.md to make it less ambiguous:

When modifying the website content, you can easily preview the result on your PC **by navigating to the root of the project** and running:

pip install -r docs/requirements.txt
sphinx-build -a docs ./build-docs

Then open build-docs/index.html in your browser.

Reviewer 2: Ok, now I get the problem when running the commands on an IDE.

I will amend the README.md so that the commands can be run from an IDE too.
